<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich">
	<ui:composition template="/templates/component-sample.xhtml">
		<ui:define name="sample">


			<p>
			<b>name</b> attribute defines the name of the javascript function will be generated
			on the page when the component is rendered. You can invoke this function to activate
			the effect. The function access one parameter. It is a set of effect options in JSON
			format.
			</p>
			<p>
			<b>type</b> attribute defines the type of effect. For example, "Fade", "Blind",
			"Opacity". Take a look at scriptaculous documentation for set of available effect.
			</p>

			<p>
			<b>for</b> attribute defines the id of the component or html tag, the effect will
			be attached to. Richfaces converts the 'for' attribute value to the client id
			of the component if such component is found. If not, the value is left as is for 
			possible wiring with on the DOM element's id on the client side.<br/>
			By default, the target of the effect is the same element that effect pointed to.
			However, the target element is might be overridden with 'targetId' option passed
			with 'params' attribute of with function paramenter.
			</p>
			<p>
			<b>params</b> attribute allows to define the set of options possible for 
			particurar effect. For example, 'duration', 'delay', 'from', 'to'. Additionally to
			the options used by the effect itself, there are two option that might override the
			rich:effect attribute. Those are:
			<ul>
				<li><b>targetId</b> allows to re-define the target of effect. The option
				is overrire the value of 'for' attribute</li>
				<li><b>type</b> defines the effect type. The option
				is overrire the value of 'type' attribute</li>
			</ul>
			</p>


		</ui:define>

	</ui:composition>
</html>
