<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich">
	<ui:composition template="/templates/component-sample.xhtml">
		<ui:define name="sample">
				<style>
					.top{
						vertical-align:top;
					}
				
				</style>

				<p><b>
					Rich Data Table</b> has columns <b>sorting feature</b> built-in. The simplest way to add sorting
					capability is to define <b>sortBy </b>attribute at column you need to be sortable.
				</p>
				<p>
					In this attribute you should define iterable object property which should be
					used when sorting performed. 
				</p>
				<p>
					In this example you could see that two first columns are sorted after a click on the corresponding
					header.
				</p>
				<fieldset class="demo_fieldset">
					<legend class="demo_legend">Sorting DataTable example</legend>
					<div  class="sample-container">
						<h:panelGrid columns="2" columnClasses="top"> 
							<h:panelGroup>
								<ui:include src="/richfaces/sortingFeature/examples/simpleSingleSorting.xhtml"/>
							</h:panelGroup>
							<h:panelGroup layout="block" style="padding-left: 20px">
									<b>Details of usage</b>
									<p>
										Next attributes could be defined to manage simple built-in sorting:
									</p>
									<ul>
										<li>
											<b>sortMode</b> - attribute of <b>rich:dataTable</b> which could be defined as
											"single"(Default) and "multiple". If multiple sorting defined - 
											previous sorting will not be reset. Column will be sorted 
										</li>
										<li><b>sortOrder</b> - attribute of  <b>rich:column</b>
											allows to set initial sorting on the column.
											(Additional ways of usage to customize sorting described at "External
											Sorting" tab). Possible values are "ASCENDING", "DESCENDING" and
											"UNSORTED"(default)
										</li>
										<li>
											<b>selfSorted</b> attribute of <b>rich:column</b> which defines 
											if the table will make a header clickable and if click on the 
											header will call sorting request.
											Default value is "true". In order to use custom sorting mechanism
											use value "false" for this attribute.   
										</li>
									</ul>
							</h:panelGroup>
						</h:panelGrid>
						<ui:include src="/templates/include/sourceview.xhtml">
							<ui:param name="sourcepath" value="/richfaces/sortingFeature/examples/simpleSingleSorting.xhtml"/>
						</ui:include>
						
					</div>
				</fieldset>
		</ui:define>
	</ui:composition>
</html>
