<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich">
<ui:composition template="/templates/component-sample.xhtml">
	<ui:define name="sample">
		<style>
			ul,ol {
				font-size: 11px !important;
			}
			.viewsourcepanel {
				 padding:10px;
				 width:100%;
				 overflow:auto;
				 border-width:0;
			}
			.viewsourcebody {
				padding:0;
			}
			ol{
				font-size:11px !important; 
			}
		</style>
		<p>
			This section overviews main principles of standard components
			skinning with the Rich Faces framework.
		</p>
		<p>
			This feature provides styling for standard HTML form elements
			in order to be highly compilant with RichFaces common look'n'feel. There
			should be two ways of applying skins to elements:
		</p>
		<ul>
			<li>
				Skinning style classes are applied to elements by element
				name and type attribute (where applicable). No additional steps
				are required from an application developer. Application initialization
				parameter serves for enabling/disabling the feature.
			</li>
			<li>
				Several style classes are provided for different types of
				elements. That style classes have predefined names. Application
				developer should manually assign classes to controls that need
				skinning or assign a class to an element that contains controls.
			</li>
		</ul>
		<p>
			Standard controls skinning feature provides 2 levels of skinning:
		</p>
		<ol>
			<li>
				<b>Standard</b> - customization of only	basic style properties.  
			</li>
			<li>
				<b>Extended</b> - extends basic level introducing customizations 
				of a broader number of style properties 
			</li>
		</ol>
		<p>
			Skinning level is calculated automatically at server side depending on user agent info.
		</p>
		<p class="note">
			Extended skinning is not applied to browsers having rich 
			visual styling for controls (e.g. Opera and Safari). 
			Also advanced level of skinning requires support of CSS 2 attribute selectors 
			either as implicit type attributes for button/textarea elements (e.g. IE7 
			in standards compilant mode) or CSS 3 draft namespace selectors (e.g. Mozilla 
			Firefox).
		</p>
		<a href="#" onclick="#{rich:component('panel')}.show()">Click here to call modal with an example.</a> 
		<p>
			There three ways of applying skinning to application:
		</p>
		<ul>
			<li>
				By default <b>org.richfaces.CONTROL_SKINNING</b> context param is set to <b>enable</b> 
				and it means that all 
				standard elements on the page will be skinned. (CSS style classes for 
				elements based on their names and type attribute values will be applied).
				You may redefine it to <b>disabled</b> in order to turn it off.  
			</li>
			<li>
				By default <b>org.richfaces.CONTROL_SKINNING_CLASSES</b> context param is set to 
				<b>enabled</b> and it 
				means that basic elements nested to element having <i>rich-container</i> class
				will be skinned. It could be also turned off using <b>disable</b> value.
			</li>
			<li>
				RichFaces also provides predefined classes which can be applied by an end developer 
				to elements need to be skinned separately. This classes added to the page also 
				according to <b>org.richfaces.CONTROL_SKINNING_CLASSES</b> context-param. 
			</li>
		</ul> 
		<p>
			Using first way CSS with the next definitions will be automatically added to pages:  
		</p>
		<fieldset class="demo_fieldset">
			<legend class="demo_legend">CSS for standard elements snippet</legend>
				<rich:panel styleClass="viewsourcepanel" bodyClass="viewsourcebody rich-laguna-panel-no-header">
					<rich:insert src="/richfaces/standardSkinning/snippets/snippet1.css" highlight="xhtml"/>
				</rich:panel>
		</fieldset>
		<p>
			And using the second way the next CSS will influence corresponding elements:
		</p>
		<fieldset class="demo_fieldset">
			<legend class="demo_legend">CSS for standard elements inside rich container snippet</legend>
				<rich:panel styleClass="viewsourcepanel" bodyClass="viewsourcebody rich-laguna-panel-no-header">
					<rich:insert src="/richfaces/standardSkinning/snippets/snippet2.css" highlight="xhtml"/>
				</rich:panel>
		</fieldset>
		<p>
			And the last one  means that classes with names corresponding to elements names 
			will be added to the application pages and possible to set manually:  
		</p>
		<fieldset class="demo_fieldset">
			<legend class="demo_legend">Predefined rich classes</legend>
				<rich:panel styleClass="viewsourcepanel" bodyClass="viewsourcebody rich-laguna-panel-no-header">
					<rich:insert src="/richfaces/standardSkinning/snippets/snippet3.css" highlight="xhtml"/>
				</rich:panel>
		</fieldset>
		<p class="note" style="height: 40px">
			<b><i>Important Exception:</i></b> <b>a</b> elements have classes based on "link" 
			and pseudo class name. <i>(e.g.: rich-link, rich-link-hover, rich-link-visited)</i>
		</p>
		<p>
			One additional note. In the predefined rich classes css we provide not only classes 
			for basic HTML elements but also classes for some complex elements creation.
			There is a snippet with some of them for example:  
		</p>
		<fieldset class="demo_fieldset">
			<legend class="demo_legend">Additional predefined rich classes</legend>
				<rich:panel styleClass="viewsourcepanel" bodyClass="viewsourcebody rich-laguna-panel-no-header">
					<rich:insert src="/richfaces/standardSkinning/snippets/snippet4.css" highlight="xhtml"/>
				</rich:panel>
		</fieldset>
		<p>
			To get a better idea of standard component skinning we recommend to explore CSS files located in ui/core/src/main/resources/org/richfaces/ folder of RichFaces svn.     
		</p>
		<rich:modalPanel id="panel" width="300" height="230">
			<f:facet name="header">
				Standard components skinning
			</f:facet>
			<i>
				All the controls below is just standard JSF components skinned with Rich Faces:
			</i>
			<hr/>
			<h:panelGrid columns="2">
				<h:outputText value="Enter Name:"/>
				<h:inputText/>
				<h:outputText value="Enter you interests:"/>
				<h:inputTextarea/>
				<h:outputText value="Choose your favourite color"/>
				<h:selectOneMenu>
					<f:selectItem itemLabel="Red"/>
					<f:selectItem itemLabel="Black"/>
					<f:selectItem itemLabel="Green"/>
					<f:selectItem itemLabel="White"/>
				</h:selectOneMenu>
			</h:panelGrid>
			<hr/>
			<button type="button" onclick="#{rich:component('panel')}.hide()">Hide this example</button>
		</rich:modalPanel>
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>
