<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich">
<ui:composition template="/templates/component-sample.xhtml">
	<ui:define name="sample">
		<style>
			ul,ol {
				font-size: 11px !important;
			}
			.viewsourcepanel {
				 padding:10px;
				 width:100%;
				 overflow:auto;
				 border-width:0;
			}
			.viewsourcebody {
				padding:0;
			}
		</style>
		<p>
			Plug-n-Skin feature is designed to freely extend and override one of base 
			RichFaces skins. It allows to redefine the look of a set of components 
			by taking the base skin as basis and plugging-in custom styles.
		</p>
		<p>
			You may freely create your own pluggable skin in the next way: 
		</p>
		<ul>
			<li>
				<b>Create your new pluggable skins project with CDK</b> using
					<i>mvn archetype:create -DarchetypeGroupId=org.richfaces.cdk
            		-DarchetypeArtifactId=maven-archetype-plug-n-skin
            		-DarchetypeVersion=*RF-VERSION* -DartifactId=*ARTIFACT-ID*
            		-DgroupId=*GROUP-ID* -Dversion=*VERSION*</i> command from the 
            		root folder of richfaces.
			</li>
			<li>
				<b>Create new pluggable skin inside the project</b> using 
				<i>mvn cdk:add-skin -Dname=*SKIN-NAME* -Dpackage=*SKIN-PACKAGE*</i>
				from the folder created on the previous step.
			</li>
		</ul>
		<p>
			In the result you'll get a new skin project.
		</p>
		<p class="note">
			In order to check some other optional parameters for CDK commands and
			more info about the feature in general - visit the corresponding 
			developer guide section
			and explore <b>Laguna</b> skin project in richfaces/samples svn. 
		</p>
		<p>
			Main files in the created pluggable skin project
			<i>(createdSkinName\src\main\resources\META-INF\skins\ folder)</i> are:
		</p>
		<ul>
			<li>
				<b>&lt;createdSkinName&gt;.skin.properties</b> which 
				should contains base parameters for the skin such as 
				<i>baseSkin</i>,
				<i>generalStyleSheet</i>, <i>gradientType</i> and some others 
				and could contain skin parameters redefinitions for the skin.
			</li>
			<li>
				<b>&lt;createdSkinName&gt;.xcss</b> which defines all the components 
				xcss imports.
			</li>
			<li>
				<b>&lt;createdSkinName&gt;-ext.xcss</b> defines imports for standard skinning xcss files.
			</li>
		</ul>
		<p>
			All classes for all the components and standard skinning classes are already
			listed in corresponding imported xcss files. Thus you'll only need to fill them 
			with the properties you need.
		</p>
		<p>
			Check for example classes defined in panel component xcss for Laguna skin:
		</p>
		<fieldset class="demo_fieldset">
			<legend class="demo_legend">panel.xcss from laguna skin</legend>
				<rich:panel styleClass="viewsourcepanel" bodyClass="viewsourcebody rich-laguna-panel-no-header">
					<rich:insert src="/richfaces/plugnskin/snippets/panel.xcss" highlight="xhtml"/>
				</rich:panel>
		</fieldset>
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>
