<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich">
	<ui:composition template="/templates/component-sample.xhtml">
		<ui:define name="sample">
			
	
				<p>a4j:status is an indicator of an Ajax request. It has two states - start and stop. The start
				state indicates that an Ajax request is in progress. When Ajax Response comes back,
				the component switches to the stop stage.
			</p>
			<fieldset class="demo_fieldset">
				<legend class="demo_legend">Status Demo</legend>
					<div class="sample-container" >
				
						<ui:include src="/richfaces/status/examples/simple.xhtml"/>
						<ui:include src="/templates/include/sourceview.xhtml">
							<ui:param name="sourcepath" value="/richfaces/status/examples/simple.xhtml"/>
						</ui:include>					
					</div>
			</fieldset>
			
			<p>
				<b>startText</b> attribute defines the label that will be visible when the Ajax request
				is in progress. You can use <b>startStyle</b> or <b>startStyleClass</b>  attribute  to
				customize style for a start label. You can use <b>facet name="start"</b> to define more enhanced
			    content for indication of the start state. If facet is defined, the value of startText
				attribute becomes void.
			</p>
			<p>
				<b>stopText</b> attribute defines the label that will be visible when the Ajax Response
				comes back. You can use <b>stopStyle</b> or <b>stopStyleClass</b>  attribute  to
				customize style for a stop label. You can use <b>facet name="stop"</b> to define more enhanced
			    content for indication of the stop state. If facet is defined, the value of stopText
				attribute becomes void.
			</p>
			<p>
				In case of not stopText nor facet name="stop" are not defined, the stop stage will
				not have a visual representation. You can use this option if you want to show only
				"in progress" indicator. The following example show the graphic image to
				the right of the input field during an Ajax request.
			</p>
		
			<fieldset class="demo_fieldset">
				<legend class="demo_legend">Status Demo</legend>
					<div class="sample-container" >

						<ui:include src="/richfaces/status/examples/pictured.xhtml"/>
						<ui:include src="/templates/include/sourceview.xhtml">
							<ui:param name="sourcepath" value="/richfaces/status/examples/pictured.xhtml"/>
						</ui:include>					

					</div>
			</fieldset>

			<p>
				By default, a4j:status works for each Ajax components inside the local region. This
				means if you have not any region defined on the page (the whole view is a region) and
				have only one a4j:status on the page, this a4j:status will be activated during
				Ajax request sent by any of the Ajax component located on the page.
			</p>
			<p>
				This client id of the a4j:status component is assigned based on the following pattern:
				&lt;working region Id&gt;:status . <b>for</b> attribute defines the id of the region the
				a4j:status will work for. If 'for' attribute is not defined, the working region will be the
				region, the a4j:status located into. The root region has a "_viewRoot" name.
			</p>
			<p><b>forceId</b>  attribute allows to replace the ":status" postfix of the client id with the
				defined 'id' attribute. If 'forceId' attribute is not defined, the defined 'id' attribute
				will be ignored.
			</p>

			<p>
				It is possible to have more than one a4j:status on the same page. In this case, you need
				to wire status components with the Ajax component used for Ajax requests producing.
			</p>
			<p>
				You do not have any additional attribute defined if you have a4j:status inside each region
				and working for this given region. You can locate the a4j:status outside of the region if this is 
				required by a page layout. In this case you have to define a 'for' attribute explicitly. The 'for'
				attribute should point to the id of the region it should work for.
			</p>
			<p>
				Use attribute 'status' of the Ajax component (such as a4j:commandButton, a4j:poll, etc.) should point to
				the id of the a4j:status if you want to share it between the different Ajax component located in
				different regions. The following example shows how to share the same a4j:status from the Ajax
				component located in the different region:
			</p>

			<fieldset class="demo_fieldset">
				<legend class="demo_legend">Status Demo</legend>
					<div class="sample-container" >
						<ui:include src="/richfaces/status/examples/cleaner.xhtml"/>
						<ui:include src="/templates/include/sourceview.xhtml">
							<ui:param name="sourcepath" value="/richfaces/status/examples/cleaner.xhtml"/>
						</ui:include>						
					</div>
			</fieldset>
			
		</ui:define>

	</ui:composition>
</html>
