<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich">
	<ui:composition template="/templates/component-sample.xhtml">
		<ui:define name="sample">
			
			<p><b>
				rich:calendar</b> allows to select the date using monthly calendar elements on pages.
				It is possible to use the component in a popup and inline code. At a popup mode Calendar 
				is initially rendered as input for date and button on the right side to call a popup. 
				In case of an inline mode, the monthly calendar is located on a page initially.
			 </p>

			<fieldset class="demo_fieldset">
				<legend class="demo_legend">Calendar Demo</legend>
					<div class="sample-container" >
						<ui:include src="/richfaces/calendar/examples/calSample.xhtml"/>
						<ui:include src="/templates/include/sourceview.xhtml">
							<ui:param name="sourcepath" value="/richfaces/calendar/examples/calSample.xhtml"/>
						</ui:include>
					</div>
			</fieldset>
			<p>Calendar component allows to work with <b>time</b> also. You should just define time in pattern ( for example "<i>d/M/yy HH:mm</i>" as it's defined in this sample by default)
			</p>
			<p>After you choose some date, you'll be able to manage time for this date. Spinner will be called after click on the time fields to edit them.</p>
			<p>Calendar could be used without "Apply" button (will be closed after date selected)</p>
			<p>
			<b>locale</b> attribute is defined as a Locale. The default value is set to the Locale of the current page.
			The name of the month and week days depend on the Locale. 
			</p>
						
			<p>
			<b>popup</b> attribute is a flag that directs to the calendar mode. If true, the popup mode is used.
			Otherwise, the inline mode is set.
			</p>
						
			<p>
			<b>showInput</b> attribute defines whether the input field should be rendered in a popup mode. If
			set to false, only the button (calendar icon) appears on the page.
			</p>
						
			<p>
			<b>enableManualInput</b> attribute allows to input the date in a text field manually.
			The default value is false. It means a user can only select the date from the calendar element.
			</p>
						
						
		</ui:define>

	</ui:composition>
</html>
