<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core">
<ui:composition template="/templates/main.xhtml">
	<ui:define name="title">RichFaces - Open Source Rich JSF Components</ui:define>
	<ui:define name="body">
		<p>Welcome to the <a href="http://labs.jboss.com/jbossrichfaces" 
		target="_blank" style="color:#000">RichFaces 3.3</a> demo!</p>
		<h4>About RichFaces</h4>
		<p>RichFaces is a rich component library for JavaServer Faces
		built on an advanced open source framework (Ajax4jsf). It allows easy integration of AJAX capabilities into enterprise-level business
		application development.</p>
		<p>RichFaces enriches the Ajax4jsf framework in two important
		ways. First, it expands a number of visual ready-to-use components.
		Secondly, it fully implements the skinnability feature of the Ajax4jsf
		framework including a large number of predefined skins. Using
		skinnability, it is much easier to manage the look-and-feel of an
		application.</p>
		<h4>About This Demo</h4>
		<p>This demo Web application showcases the most important
		functionality available in RichFaces components. For each component
		or component set selected in the left-hand sidebar, you can see it in action. Also, you can immediately see the effect of predefined
		skins on the application whole look-and-feel.
		</p>
		<p class="note">
			Pay your attention to "New" green marks on the left navigation bar.<br/> 
			Groups marked with such icons - contain the components added during latest release,
			or the components with new examples added.  
		</p>
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>
