<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich">
	<ui:composition template="/templates/component-sample.xhtml">
		<ui:define name="sample">

			<p>RichFaces Context menu is a component that allows to organize the hierarchical context menus
			similar to one that almost every desktop application has.
			</p>
			 <p>Context Menu can contain a set of Menu Items, Menu Groups and Menu Separators.
			 Usage of these components are similar to usage in RichFaces Drop Down Menu.
			</p>
			<fieldset class="demo_fieldset">
				<legend class="demo_legend">Example</legend>

				<div class="sample-container">
					To call the menu - perform the right click on the picture<br/><br/>
					<ui:include src="/richfaces/contextMenu/example/menu.xhtml"/>
					<ui:include src="/templates/include/sourceview.xhtml">
						<ui:param name="sourcepath" value="/richfaces/contextMenu/example/menu.xhtml"/>
					</ui:include>

				</div>
			</fieldset>			
			<p>
				In this example menu is just defined as nested to <b>panelGroup</b> with "picture" Id.
				You should be careful with such definitions, because on the client menu component 
				searches for the DOM element with the client Id of the parent component on the server.
				If the component doesn't encode id on the client, it will be not found by the menu and menu
				will be attached to its closest parent in a DOM tree. For example you should not define the menu as a child 
				for images components. 
			</p>
			<p>Context menu itself is an invisible panel
			 that appears after a particular client side event (onmouseover, onclick etc) occured on a parent component. 
			 The event is defined with an <b>event</b> attribute.</p>
			 <p class="note">
				<i><b>Note:</b> As you can see from the first example the component could use "oncontextmenu" event to call the Menu on right click event.
				But in this case the component should be called via <b>componentControl</b> component (as it is shown at the second example) rather than using a4j:support style. 
				If a4j:support style is used then many of the components don't encode this event and also in case of support-like definition the component will not work properly. 
				</i>			 
			 </p>
			 <p>
			 	Other usefull attributes are:
			 	<ul> 
			 		<li>
			 			<b>disableDefaultMenu</b> - if it is true, the event defined on the menu
			 			will not be handled by other client handlers except context menu handler. You 
			 			may see on the first example that a standard browser menu isn't called
			 			after right click.    
			 		</li>
			 		<li>
			 			<b>attached</b> - if it is true, the menu is attached to parent component. In other case
			 			it should be called via JS API (using componentControl)
			 		</li>
			 	</ul>
			 </p>
			 <p>
			 	Unlike dropDownMenu, contextMenu has no representation element, and has strong right-click
			 	support.
			 </p>
			 <p>
			 	And the main difference from drop down menu is that a context menu could be defined once on the page 
			 	and used by different components. Single instance of the menu will be created and shared between the components.
			 </p>
			 <p>
			 	To customize shared menu for every component, macrosubstitutions could be used.
			 	<b>ComponentControl</b> component could be used to call the instance of the menu for 
			 	the particular component. <b>f:param</b> components could be used to add parameters to menu.
			 </p>
			<fieldset class="demo_fieldset">
				<legend class="demo_legend">Example</legend>
				<div class="sample-container">
					To call the menu - click any car row.<br/><br/>	        
					<ui:include src="/richfaces/componentControl/examples/cmenuusage.xhtml" />
					<ui:include src="/templates/include/sourceview.xhtml">
						<ui:param name="sourcepath" value="/richfaces/componentControl/examples/cmenuusage.xhtml"/>
					</ui:include>
				</div>
			</fieldset>
			<p>
				Pay your attention to the source code. Inside the table you may see component control that calls the menu.
				Menu recreated after every call on the client and new <b>{car}</b> and <b>{model}</b> values are inserted into the menu. 
			</p>
			<p>Look through componentControl demo page for more information.</p>
		</ui:define>

	</ui:composition>
</html>
