<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j"
      xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich">
	<style>
	.atop{
		vertical-align:top;
	}
	</style>
		<p>RichFaces Component Control is a universal component that allows to call JS API functions on the
		components after defined events. 
		</p>
		<p>
			In this simple example <b>componentControl</b> components are used to open and close modal panel.
			The component is attached to links and calls "show" and "hide" functions on Modal Panel. 
		</p>
		<div class="sample-container">
			<ui:include src="/richfaces/componentControl/examples/mpusage.xhtml" />
		<rich:spacer height="20"/>
		<ui:include src="/templates/include/sourceview.xhtml">
			<ui:param name="sourcepath" value="/richfaces/componentControl/examples/mpusage.xhtml"/>
		</ui:include>		
		</div> 
		<p>
			<b>Main component attributes:</b>
			<ul>
				<li><b>for</b> - specifies client identifier of the target component.</li>
				<li><b>attachTo</b> - specifies client identifier of the component or id of the existing DOM element that is a source
					for a given event. If <b>attachTo</b> is not defined, the event is attached on the server to the closest in the
					component tree parent component.</li>
				<li><b>event</b> - is used to trigger the <b>operation</b> on the target component 
				<br/><i><b>Note:</b> the component could use "oncontextmenu" event to call the JS API on right click event.
				But in this case this component should be defined via <b>for</b> attribute rather than using a4j:support style. 
				In case of support-like definition, the component will not work properly, as many of the components don't encode this event.
				</i>
				
				</li>
				<li><b>operation</b> - name of the javascript function that will be invoked on a target component. The API method
					is attached to the 'component' property of the root DOM element that represents
					the target component. The function has two parameters - <b>event</b> and <b>params</b>.</li>
				<li><b>params</b> - a set of parameters passed to the function of Javascript API that will be invoked. 
				The JSON syntax is used to define the parameters, but without open and closed curve 
				bracket.
				As an alternative, a set of f:param can be used to define the parameters passed to the 
				API function. </li>  
			</ul>
		</p>
		<p>
			Thus, one of the main features is that Component Control component allows to transfer 
			parameters to managed components. 
		</p>
		<p>
			You may put <b>f:param</b> components as nested to component control component (instead of <b>params</b> attribute usage) 
			and all the parameters that are defined will be available from target component.
		</p>
		<p>
			In the next example, component control is used inside <b>rich:dataTable</b> component. 
			Component control is defined with two parameters which have the current row values.
			Hence the <b>rich:contextMenu</b> component that called by this Component Control
			will take this parameters and will be able to display them in its items values.  
		</p>
		<p>
			Click at any table row to see the context menu that generated individually for
			every row using parameters.
		</p>
		<div class="sample-container">
			<ui:include src="/richfaces/componentControl/examples/cmenuusage.xhtml" />
		<rich:spacer height="20"/>
		<ui:include src="/templates/include/sourceview.xhtml">
			<ui:param name="sourcepath" value="/richfaces/componentControl/examples/cmenuusage.xhtml"/>
		</ui:include> 
		</div>
</ui:composition>