<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich">
<ui:composition template="/templates/component-sample.xhtml">
	<ui:define name="sample">



		<p>RichFaces Suggestion Box component adds the autocomplete
		capability to the existing input component such as h:inputText or
		t:inputText. Use the attribute 'for', in order to ping to the necessary input component
		to add the autocomplete capability to it.</p>
		<p>Working with Suggestion Box is similar to the h:dataTable
		component, but instead of the 'value' attribute it has a
		suggestionAction attribute that points to the method that returns the
		filtered collection. The 'fetch' attribute points to the data that
		is inserted into the input field if a particular row is selected
		or clicked from the suggested list.</p>

		<fieldset class="demo_fieldset">
			<legend class="demo_legend">SuggestionBox example</legend>
			<div class="sample-container">
				<ui:include src="/richfaces/suggestionBox/examples/custom.xhtml"/>
				<ui:include src="/templates/include/sourceview.xhtml">
					<ui:param name="sourcepath" value="/richfaces/suggestionBox/examples/custom.xhtml"/>
					<ui:param name="openlabel" value="View Page Source" />
				</ui:include>
				<ui:include src="/templates/include/sourceview.xhtml">
					<ui:param name="sourcepath" value="/WEB-INF/src/org/richfaces/demo/capitals/CapitalsBean.java"/>
					<ui:param name="sourcetype" value="java" />
					<ui:param name="openlabel" value="View CapitalsBean.java Source" />
				</ui:include>
			</div>
		</fieldset>

		<p>
			And below there is the second example of new JS API and Objects selection feature usage.
		</p>
		<p>
			Just choose some state from suggestion and capital name property will be fetched 
			using client side API (Some of the capitals could be fetched separated with coma). 
			No requests are required anymore. You could just store needed 
			properties in the same manner in hidden fields for example.
		</p>
		<fieldset class="demo_fieldset">
			<legend class="demo_legend">Objects usage example</legend>
			<div class="sample-container">
				<ui:include src="/richfaces/suggestionBox/examples/objects.xhtml"/>
				<ui:include src="/templates/include/sourceview.xhtml">
					<ui:param name="sourcepath" value="/richfaces/suggestionBox/examples/objects.xhtml"/>
				</ui:include>
			</div>
		</fieldset>
		
	</ui:define>

</ui:composition>
</html>
