<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich">
	<ui:composition template="/templates/component-sample.xhtml">
		<ui:define name="sample">
			<style>
				.top{
					vertical-align:top;
				}
			</style>
				<p><b>
					Rich Data Table</b> has columns <b>filtering feature</b> built-in. The simplest way to add filtering
					capability is to define <b>filterBy </b>attribute at a column you need to be filterable.
				</p>
				<p>
					In this attribute you should define iterable object property which should be
					used when filetring performed. 
				</p>
				<p>
					In this example you could see that two first columns filtered after the corresponding
					input is changed.
				</p>

		<fieldset class="demo_fieldset">
			<legend class="demo_legend">Filtering DataTable example</legend>
			<div  class="sample-container">
				<h:panelGrid columns="2" columnClasses="top">
					<h:panelGroup>
						<ui:include src="/richfaces/filteringFeature/examples/simpleFiltering.xhtml"/>
					</h:panelGroup>
					<h:panelGroup>
						<div style="padding-left: 20px">
							<b>Details of usage</b>
							<p>
								In order to change filter event you should change <b>filterEvent</b> attribute 
								on a column (<i>e.g. filterEvent = "onblur"</i>)
							</p>
							<p>
								In order to get or change current filtering value <b>filterValue </b>attribute is
								provided. It should be defined with initial filtering value on the page
								or as value binding to get/change it on server.     
							</p>
							<p>
								This is built-in feature. It uses "<b>startsWith</b>" function to make filtering.
							</p>
							<p>  
								If <b>filterBy </b>attribute is set, a column will render default inputs with
								default filtering behaviour 
							</p>
							<p>
								In order to change default filtering behaviour another definition is used.
								See the example shown at the second tab("External Filtering") 
							</p>
						</div>
					</h:panelGroup>
				</h:panelGrid>
				<ui:include src="/templates/include/sourceview.xhtml">
					<ui:param name="sourcepath" value="/richfaces/filteringFeature/examples/simpleFiltering.xhtml"/>
				</ui:include>
			</div>
		</fieldset>
		</ui:define>
 
	</ui:composition>
</html>
