<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich">
	<ui:composition template="/templates/component-sample.xhtml">
		<ui:define name="sample">

			<p>rich:virtualEarth presents a dynamically generated map based on the 
			Microsoft Virtual Earth API. API is a pure Javascript library. So, you do not need
			to have any external program or plugin installed to make it working. The component
			allows to place the map on a page and define the initial parameters for it. You
			can use the Virtual Earth SDK to manipulate with the map after that. The following links
			helps you to be familiar to this technology:
			<ul>
				<li> <a href="http://dev.live.com/virtualearth/sdk/" target="_blank">
						Virtual Earth Interactive SDK
					 </a>
				</li>
				<li> <a href="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb429619.aspx" target="_blank">
						MSDN, Virtual Earth Map Control 5.0
					 </a>
				</li>
			</ul>
			</p>

			<fieldset class="demo_fieldset">
				<legend class="demo_legend">VirtualEarth example</legend>
				<div class="sample-container">
					<ui:include src="/richfaces/virtualEarth/examples/placeToGo.xhtml"/>
					<ui:include src="/templates/include/sourceview.xhtml">
						<ui:param name="sourcepath" value="/richfaces/virtualEarth/examples/placeToGo.xhtml"/>
					</ui:include>
				</div>
			</fieldset>

			<p>
			<b>var</b> attribute define a javascript variable you can use then as a reference to the
			map from your custom javascript.
			</p>
			<p>
			<b>lat</b> and <b>lng</b> attributes define the initial latitude and longitude of the
			center of the map.
			</p>
			<p>
			<b>zoom</b> attributes define the initial zoom. The available range from 1 to
			19 (close look). The maximum might depend of the location.
			</p>
			<p>
			<b>mapStyle</b> attributes define the initial map style. The available values for this 
			attribute are "Road","Aerial","Hybrid","Birdseye". "Birdseye", they are available for the limited
			number of locations only.
			</p>
			<p>
			Use <b>style</b> attribute to define the size of the map. For example, style="width:600px;height:400px".
			</p>
			<p>
				Virtual Earth does not support xhtml format of the page. Thus, if you use Facelets
				and JSF 1.2, do not forget &lt;f:view contentType="text/html"&gt; somewhere on the 
				page. To avoid re-initialization, do not re-render the component during Ajax
				updates.
			</p>
			
		</ui:define>

	</ui:composition>
</html>
