<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich">
	<ui:composition template="/templates/component-sample.xhtml">
		<ui:define name="sample">
			
			<p>rich:jQuery integrates jQuery javascript framework into the JavaServer
			 Faces application. The component allows to apply the styles and behavior
			 to the DOM elements dynamically, including the result of JSF components rendering. 
			 For more information about jQuery framework and its features,
			 you can read <a href="http://jquery.com/">http://jquery.com</a>
			</p>
			<p>Integrated jQuery works without conflicts with prototype.js library that is used
			 widely in the RichFaces library. This means that $() function is delegated
			 back to the prototype.js. Use jQuery() function instead to refer to
			 jQuery objects if necessary. Read more about jQuery usage with other libraries
			 at <a href="http://docs.jquery.com/Using_jQuery_with_Other_Libraries">
			 http://docs.jquery.com/Using_jQuery_with_Other_Libraries</a>
			</p>


			<p>This demo shows how just four rich:jQuery queries allow to
			add zebra-style to a table and highlight rows under the mouse cursor.</p>
			<fieldset class="demo_fieldset">
				<legend class="demo_legend">Zebra-styled table with rich:jQuery example</legend>
				<div class="sample-container">
					<ui:include src="/richfaces/jQuery/examples/zebra.xhtml"/>
					<ui:include src="/templates/include/sourceview.xhtml">
						<ui:param name="sourcepath" value="/richfaces/jQuery/examples/zebra.xhtml"/>
					</ui:include>
				</div>
			</fieldset>
			<p>
				rich:jQuery can be used in two major modes:
				<ul>
					<li>	as a once time query applied immediately or on document ready event</li>
					<li>	as a javascript function that can be invoked from the custom javascript</li>
				</ul>
				The mode is chosen with timing attribute that can have the following options:
				<ul>
					<li>immediate - applying the query immediately </li>
					<li>onload  - applying the query when the document is loaded.</li>
					<li>onJScall - applying the query by invoked the javascript function defined with the name attribute</li>
				</ul>
			</p>
			<p>
				Defining "name" attribute is mandatory when timing="onJScall".
				If "name" attribute is defined when timing equals to "immediate" or "onload",
				the query is applied according to this value, but you still have an
				opportunity to invoke it by a function name.<br/>
				The selector attribute defines an object or list of objects, the query
				defined with the query attribute will be applied to.
			</p>
			<p>This demo shows how to attach the mouseover/mouseout events to the
			DOM objects. However the images below show how to make them enlarged.</p>
			<fieldset class="demo_fieldset">
				<legend class="demo_legend">Fisheye effect with rich:jQuery example</legend>
				<div class="sample-container">
					<ui:include src="/richfaces/jQuery/examples/fishEye.xhtml"/>
					<ui:include src="/templates/include/sourceview.xhtml">
						<ui:param name="sourcepath" value="/richfaces/jQuery/examples/fishEye.xhtml"/>
					</ui:include>						
				</div>
			</fieldset>

		</ui:define>

	</ui:composition>
</html>