<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich">
	<ui:composition template="/templates/component-sample.xhtml">
		<ui:define name="sample">
		<style>
			.viewsourcepanel {
				 padding:10px;
				 overflow:auto;
				 border-width:0;
			}
			.viewsourcebody {
				padding:0;
			}
			ol{
				font-size:11px !important; 
			}
		</style>

			<p>This section overviews the attributes that are common for Ajax components
			such as a4j:support, a4j:commandButton, a4j:jsFunction, a4j:poll, a4j:push and so
			on. Also, most RichFaces components with built-in Ajax support have these
			attributes for a similar purpose.
			</p>
			<p>
			Ajax components attributes help RichFaces to expose its features.
			Most of the attributes have default values. Thus, you can start working with RichFaces
			without knowing the usage of these attribute. However, their usage allows to
			tune the required Ajax behavior very smoothly. 
			</p>
			<h1 class="hsample">Re-Rendering</h1>
			<p>
			<b>reRender</b> is a key attribute. It allows to point to the area(s) on a page that
			should be updated as a response on Ajax interaction. The value of the reRender
			attribute is an id of the JSF component or an id list. This is a simple example:
            </p>
		
			<fieldset class="demo_fieldset">
				<legend class="demo_legend">Code Example</legend>
					<rich:panel styleClass="viewsourcepanel" bodyClass="viewsourcebody rich-laguna-panel-no-header">
						<rich:insert src="/richfaces/ajaxAttributes/snippets/reRender2.xhtml" highlight="xhtml"></rich:insert>
					</rich:panel>
			</fieldset>	 
			<p>
			reRender uses <a target="_blank" href="http://java.sun.com/javaee/javaserverfaces/1.2_MR1/docs/api/javax/faces/component/UIComponent.html#findComponent(java.lang.String)">
			UIComponent.findComponent()</a> algorithm (with some additional exceptions)
			to find the component in the component tree. As you see, the algorithm presumes
			several steps. Each other step is used if the previous step is not successful.
			Therefore, you can define how fast the component is
			found mentioning it more precisely. The following example shows the difference
			in approaches (both buttons will work successfully):
            </p>
            <fieldset class="demo_fieldset">
				<legend class="demo_legend">Code Example</legend>
					<rich:panel styleClass="viewsourcepanel" bodyClass="viewsourcebody rich-laguna-panel-no-header">
						<rich:insert src="/richfaces/ajaxAttributes/snippets/reRender3.xhtml" highlight="xhtml"></rich:insert>
					</rich:panel>
			</fieldset>	 
			<p>
				You can use JSF EL expression as a value of the reRender attribute. It might be a property of
				types Set, Collection, Array or simple String. The EL for reRender is resolved right before the
				Render Response phase. Hence, you can calculate what should be re-rendered on any previous
				phase during the Ajax request processing.
			</p>
			<p>Most common problem with using reRender is pointing it to the component that has a
			'rendered' attribute. Note, that JSF does not mark the place in the browser DOM where the outcome
			of the component should be placed in case the 'rendered' condition returns false.  Therefore,
			after the component becomes rendered during the Ajax request, RichFaces delivers the rendered
			code to the client, but does not update a page, because the place for update is unknown.
			You need to point to one of the parent components that has no 'rendered' attribute. As an
			alternative, you can wrap the component with a4j:outputPanel layout="none". 
			</p>
			<p>
				<b>ajaxRendered</b> attribute of the a4j:outputPanel set to true allows to define the
				area of the page that will be re-rendered even if it is not pointed in the reRender attribute
				explicitly. It might be useful if you have an area on a page that should be updated as a
				response on any Ajax request. For example, the following code allows to output error 
				messages regardless of what Ajax request causes the Validation phase failed.
			</p>
			<fieldset class="demo_fieldset">
				<legend class="demo_legend">Code Example</legend>
					<rich:panel styleClass="viewsourcepanel" bodyClass="viewsourcebody rich-laguna-panel-no-header">
						<rich:insert src="/richfaces/ajaxAttributes/snippets/reRender1.xhtml" highlight="xhtml"></rich:insert>
					</rich:panel>
			</fieldset>	
			<p>
			<b>limitToList</b> attribute allows to dismiss the behavior of the a4j:outputPanel ajaxRendered
			attribute. limitToList = "true" means to update only the area(s) that mentioned in the
			reRender attribute explicitly. All output panels with ajaxRendered="true" will be ignored.
			</p>
			<h1 class="hsample">Queue and Traffic Flood Protection</h1>
			<p>
			<b>eventsQueue</b> attribute defines the name of the queue that will be used to order upcoming Ajax
			requests. By default, RichFaces does not queue Ajax requests. If events are produced
			simultaneously, they will come to the server simultaneously. JSF implementations 
			(especially, the very first ones) does not guaranty that the request that comes first will be
			served or passed into the JSF lifecycle first. The order how the server side data
			will be modified in case of simultaneous request might be unpredictable. 
			Usage of eventsQueue attribute allows to avoid possible mess. Define the queue name explicitly,
			if you expect intensive Ajax traffic in your application.
			</p>
			<p>
			The next request posted in the same queue will wait until the previos one is not 
			processed and Ajax Response is returned back if the eventsQueue attribute is defined. In
			addition, Richfaces starts to remove from the queue 'similar' requests. 'Similar' requests are
			the requests produced by the same event. For example, according to the following code, 
			only the newest request will be sent to the server if a user types very fast and has typed 
			the several characters already before the previous Ajax Response is back.
			</p>
			<fieldset class="demo_fieldset">
				<legend class="demo_legend">Code Example</legend>
					<rich:panel styleClass="viewsourcepanel" bodyClass="viewsourcebody rich-laguna-panel-no-header">
						<rich:insert src="/richfaces/ajaxAttributes/snippets/eventqueue.xhtml" highlight="xhtml"></rich:insert>
					</rich:panel>
			</fieldset>	
			<p><b>requestDelay</b> attribute defines the time (in ms.) that the request will be wait in
			the queue before it is ready to send. When the delay time is over, the request will be 
			sent to the server or removed if the newest 'similar' request is in a queue already .
			</p>
			<p><b>ignoreDupResponses</b> attribute orders to ignore the Ajax Response produced by the
			request if the newest 'similar' request is in a queue already. ignoreDupResponses="true"
			does not cancel the request while it is processed on the server, but just allows to
			avoid unnecessary updates on the client side if the response loses the actuality.
			</p>
			<p>Defining the eventsQueue along with requestDelay allows to protect against unnecessary 
			traffic flood and synchronizes Ajax requests order. If you have several sources of
			Ajax requests, you can define the same queue name there. This might be very helpful if
			you have Ajax components that invoke request asynchronously from the ones produced by 
			events from users. For example a4j:poll or a4j:push. In case the requests from such
			components modify the same data, the synchronization might be very helpful.</p>
			
			<h1 class="hsample">Data Processing Options</h1>
			<p>RichFaces uses form based approach for Ajax request sending. This means each time, when a
			user click an Ajax button or a4j:poll produces an asynchronous request, the data from the closest 
			JSF form is submitted with the XMLHTTPRequest object. The form data contains the values
			from the form input element and auxiliary information such as state saving data</p>
			<p>
				<b>ajaxSingle </b>- boolean attribute which provides possibility to limit JSF 
				tree processing(decoding, conversion/validation, value applying) 
				to the component which send the request only. 			
			</p>
			
			<p>
			In other words when <b>ajaxSingle</b> attribute is equal true, it orders to 
			process only a value of the
			current component (along with <i>f:param</i> or <i>a4j:actionparam</i> values if any). 
			In case of a4j:support, it will be a value of the parent component.
			</p>
			<p>
				<b>process</b> attribute allows you to define the components to be processed
				additionally with the component which is marked as ajaxSingle or wrapped to a region.
				Imagine you need to process only two fields in the different parts of view.
				If you wrap the first to a region or make nested support component ajaxSingle - 
				the second component will not be processed and if you do not define the first component
				in this way - all the view will be processed. In this case the next simple constructions 
				should be used: 
			</p>
			<fieldset class="demo_fieldset">
				<legend class="demo_legend">Code Example</legend>
					<rich:panel styleClass="viewsourcepanel" bodyClass="viewsourcebody rich-laguna-panel-no-header">
						<rich:insert src="/richfaces/ajaxAttributes/snippets/process.xhtml" highlight="xhtml"></rich:insert>
					</rich:panel>
			</fieldset>	 
			<p>
				Here when the name field looses focus, Ajax request will be sent.
				And only two fields (<i>name</i> and additionally <i>email</i>) will be processed
				(decoding, conversion/validation, value applying will be executed). The same is
				for the <i>email</i> field blur event.
			</p>
			<p><b>immediate</b> attribute has the same purpose as any other non-Ajax-JSF component.
			The default ActionListener should be executed immediately (i.e. during the Apply Request
			Values phase of a request processing lifecycle), rather than waiting until the
			Invoke Application phase. Using immediate="true" is one of the ways to have some 
			data model values updated when other cannot be updated because of a problem with
			passing the Validation phase successfully. This might be important inside the 
			h:dataTable like components where using a4j:region is impossible due to the
			h:dataTable component architecture.
			</p>
			<p><b>bypassUpdates</b> attribute allows to bypass the Update Model phase. It 
			might be useful if you need to check user input against the available validator,
			but not to update the model with those data. Note, that an action will be invoked
			at the end of the Validation phase only if the Validation phase is passed successfully.
			The listeners of the Application phase will not be invoked in any case.
			</p>
			<h1 class="hsample">Action and Navigation</h1>
			<p>Ajax component is similar to any other non-Ajax JSF component like h:commandButton. It
			allows to submit the form. You can use action and actionListener attribute to invoke
			the action method and define the action event.
			</p>
			<p>
			<b>action</b> method must return null if you want to have an Ajax Response with a partual page
			update. This is regular mode called "Ajax request generates Ajax Response". In case of
			action does not return null, but the action outcome that matches one of navigation rules, RichFaces
			starts to work in "Ajax request generates Non-Ajax Response" mode.
			This mode might be helpful in two major cases:
            </p>
            <ol>
			<li>RichFaces allows to organize a page flow inside the a4j:include component. This is a typical
			scenario for Wizard like behavior. The new content is rendered inside the a4j:include area. The
			content is taken from the navigation rule of the faces configuration file (usually, the faces-config.xml).
			Note, that the content of the "wizard" is not isolated from the rest of the page. The included 
			page should not have own f:view (it does not matter if you use facelets). You need to have an
			Ajax component inside the a4j:include to navigate between the wizard pages. Otherwize, the whole 
			page update will be performed.
			</li>
			<li>If you want to involve the server side validators and navigate to the next page only if
			the Validation phase is passed successfully, you can replace h:commandButton with a4j:commandButton
			and point to the action method that navigates to the next page. If Validation process fails, 
			the partial page update will occur and a user will see an error message. Otherwize, the application
			proceeds to the next page. Make sure, you define &lt;redirect /&gt; option for the navigation rule to
			avoid memory leaks.
			</li>
			</ol>
		    <h1 class="hsample">Javascript Interactions</h1>
            <p>
                RichFaces allows writing Ajax-enabled JSF application without writing any Javascript code.
				However, you can still invoke the javascript code if you need. There are several ajax
				attributes that helps to do it.
			</p>
			<p>
				<b>onsubmit</b> attribute allows to invoke javascript code before an Ajax request is
				sent. If 'onsubmit' returns false, the Ajax request is canceled. The code of 'onsubmit'
				is inserted before the RichFaces Ajax call. Hence, the 'onsubmit' should not has a 'return'
				statement if you want the Ajax request to be sent. If you are going to invoke a javscript
				function that returns true or false, use the conditional statement to return something only
				when you need to cancel the request. For example, onsubmit="if (mynosendfunct()==false){return false}".
			</p>
			<p>
				<b>onclick</b> attribute is similar to the 'onsubmit', but for clickable components such
				as a4j:commandLink and a4j:commandButton. If it returns false, the Ajax request is canceled also.
			</p>
			<p>
				<b>oncomplete</b> attribute allows to invoke the javascript code right after the
				Ajax Response is returned back and the DOM tree of the browser is updated. Richfaces
				registers the code for further invocation of XMLHTTP request object before an Ajax
				request is sent. This means the code will not be changed during processing of
				the request on the server if you use JSF EL value binding. Also, you cannot use
				'this' inside the code, because it will not point the component where Ajax request
				was initiated.
			</p>
			<p>
				<b>data</b> attribute allows to get the additional data from the server during an
				Ajax call. You can use JSF EL to point the property of the managed bean and its value
				will be serialized in JSON format and be available on the client side. You can refer
				to it using the 'data' variable. For example:
			</p>
			<fieldset class="demo_fieldset">
				<legend class="demo_legend">Code Example</legend>
					<rich:panel styleClass="viewsourcepanel" bodyClass="viewsourcebody rich-laguna-panel-no-header">
						<rich:insert src="/richfaces/ajaxAttributes/snippets/data.xhtml" highlight="xhtml"></rich:insert>
					</rich:panel>
			</fieldset>	 
			<p>
				Richfaces allows to serialize not only primitive types into JSON format, but also complex
				types including arrays and collections. The beans should be serializable to be refered
				with 'data'.
			</p>


		</ui:define>
		<ui:define name="sources">
			<span style="display:none"/>
		</ui:define>
	</ui:composition>
</html>
